What Is It

DigitalX is an ASX listed dedicated Bitcoin and Digital Asset Fund manager with 7 years operating experience.

DigitalX is a leader in insitutional adoption with the Australian marketplace and has secured institutional grade, independent investment partners to manage custody, 
administration, audit and act as trustee to ensure the interest of Fund investors are managed to the highest quality standard.

DigitalX is the only ASX-Listed company that holds Bitcoin as a core treasury asset and is an in investor in both of the DigitalX funds. 

In addition to being a fund management firm DigitalX is also involved in blockchain technology and product development.

DigitalX was the worlds first publicly listed blockchain technology company, founded in 2014 as a Bitcoin mining operation and at it's peak controlled
over 2% of the network hashing power. 

In 2017 DigitalX used it's industry and technology expertise to offer advisory and smart contract development services to blockchain projects seeking to raise capital.

Following a strategic review in 2019, the company renewed it's vision through a focus on two business arms - digital assets funds management for institutional investors and
development of blockchain enable products for capital markets applications.

In 2020 DigitalX launched and began scaling two of Australia's first digital asset funds for wholesale investors and launched Drawbridge using emerging distributed ledger market infrastructure.

Drawbridge offers user digital compliance solutions and falls under the banner of regulatory technology (Regtech) within the Fintech sector. 

Drawbridge reduces reputational risks from trading errors and reducing Securities Trading Policy risks for ASX listed public companies.

Why This Matters

Institutional adoption is critical for the blockchain sector and markets as it drives innovation, use cases and market acceptance  globally. For any cryptocurrency, project 
and blockchain company the awareness and adoption amongst the population is necessary for growth of the sector.

DigitalX being a digital assest fund manager drives this market acceptance and being an ASX listed company further improves the credibility of the sector amongst traditional investers.

Further with their own products in RegTech they are improving trust and compliance in the sector which is pivotal in the mass adoption of blockchain technology.

DigitalX has exposure, media attention and a profile that is significant for the adoption of blockchain technology and awareness of its benefits amongst the Australian population.

DigitalX has been featured in Forbes, SkyNews, The Australian, Financial Review, Business Insider.

Why This May be Interesting

This is interesting as DigitalX presents a dualistic blockchain company focused not only on investment but also product development. Most companies involvement is either on
investment or product development exlusively, which present a unique point of difference for DigitalX and a competitive advantage.

References:

1. https://www.digitalx.com/
2. https://www.opendrawbridge.io/


